Dave where's my god here
what where's my dog here why do you need
to know the sky is in danger
men are grow times in danger why do with
it nothing but I can't find it
Roma fugu we'll have you at these
Phoenix no whoa G help me look for it
I read it what are the dictionary why
are you reading the dictionary - I
didn't my vocabulary
get it together John whoa that's rape
and I really think that you should keep
doing that but can you like stop for a
second like help me find my daughter I
bet it's in the fridge
what about the microwave day damn it
Dave the sky is in danger did you not
hear me before I love you I love you I
know I'll see you right back home from
sit-ins go